## Data Representation
### Board and Tile
In order for both players and referees to access and manipulate the game state, we will be using a 2D array of tiles to represent the board used to play the Fish Game. The 2D array will be made out of tiles that each hold two essential pieces of information about itself needed by players and referees: an integer representing the number of fishes and a new class Penguin representing the penguin that are on the tile. Players and referees can easily iterate through the 2D array of tiles to obtain information about neighboring tiles and its content from a position which can be used to determine possible moves to make. Since possible moves are tiles reachable via a straight line but is only be limited to tiles before a “hole”, we will be using null to represent an empty hole in a board. This way, we can determine the possible tiles to move to before a hole is found as we check for null values.
### Penguin
We will represent a penguin using a new class Penguin which contains a single piece of information: its color since we will only need to distinguish a penguin located on a tile by its color to determine the player it is assigned to. Using our data representation, the player is able to check if the penguin found in a tile belongs to them using its color and is able to make their next move. Referees are able to determine if the move is valid as they are able to check if the color of the penguin being moved belongs to the current turn. 
### Color
In our data representation, color will be represented by an enum Colour which only consists of 4 choices: red, white, brown and black as each game can only have a maximum of 4 players. 
### Pos2D
As we create a board, we might want to create one with holes in it to limit possible moves. Thus, when creating a board, one could provide a list of Pos2D, a new class created to represent the position of the tile on the board. The X value of Pos2D would represent the column number on the board and the Y value represents the row number on the board. The provided list would represent the position we would like to have as holes on the board. This new class can also be used by players and referees to represent the specific tile on a board that they would like to make a move from, check for possible moves or to remove the tile from the board all together etc.
## External Interface
Since the game state should only ever be changed by the referee, most of the proposed methods in our external interface are made to be used by the referee. First of all, the external interface for the referee should include methods to create a board once they have been allocated the players for a game from the tournament manager. The referees should be able to create a board with or without holes with the specified fish number they would like to use for each tile. They can generate its desired board in the following two ways. First, it could generate a full board with the same number of fish on every single tile which they will provide and remove tiles they would like to represent as a hole one by one. Second, they could generate a board with holes that they will provide in a form of list of Pos2Ds. They will also need to provide the largest number of fish that can be found on a single tile in order for us to use it as an upper bound to generate random numbers of fishes found on each tile. 
In addition, referees should be able to remove a tile to create a hole in a board and also remove penguins from tiles if the player does not follow the rules. The past few methods mentioned are methods that enable the referee to mutate the game state. However, both player and referee should be able to use methods that extract information about the game state and do not change it. Thus, the method to determine possible moves for a penguin that satisfies the rules should be allowed for both players and referees to use. In addition, both referees and players should be able to check the number of fishes on a given tile, the penguin found on a given tile and also a getter method to get a copy of the current game state which is represented by a 2D array. 
