When identifying software components to build the Fish game, we revisited what we had learned in the Object-Oriented Design course and immediately thought of the MVC design. We focused a lot on the MVC design and thought we did well in terms of providing these components and its specifications to build a single Fish game but realized that we had started developing tunnel vision. We noticed that we were looking at the project too narrowly as we were limiting ourselves in thinking that we were building a single game rather than building a game system that would run several tournaments simultaneously. 
	
Our building plan gives very in depth specifics on building the game itself but very little specifics on the management of the game system. We outlined the model, controller and view and also provided details on what should be included into each of those components to build a single game. However, we neglected the components that would manage the communication between AI players and the game system due to our lack of insight. There are two components that are missing in our plan: referee and tournament management subsystems. We should have included a referee sub-system which would ensure that the game rules are adhered to. This sub-system should be the component that communicates with the player if rules or protocols are not adhered to and proceeds to take appropriate actions like kicking the players out of the game. We should have also included a tournament management sub-system component that sets up each tournament by assigning players and a referee when a single game starts (when there are enough players). These two components are definitely crucial parts in order to build our game systems and will be included going forward.

While designing our milestone sequence, we tried to put ourselves in the shoes of investors and thought of what they would like to see for each milestone and took into consideration visual representations of stages that can be easily identifiable for investors that lack coding knowledge. We designed milestones A to C which will show stages in running individual games. Milestone D is intended to show investors how the game system is able to run remote tournaments on a network. However, we failed to include a milestone to show the investors how our game system would run several tournaments on a single computer at the same
time due to our neglect in designing our system. We should have included another milestone before Milestone D that builds the two missing components as mentioned above which we would be able to show how the system runs several tournaments.

Overall, we thought our memos were well written in terms of separating each component into parts and each part is dedicated to providing specifics on that component. Every sentence was complete and provided or tried to explain the purpose or role of each component in order for the readers to quickly and fully understand our plan in building the game system. The only improvement that we would have included is our missing components which are the major flaws in our technical plan. 
